Feat/Documentation improvements (Typography) (#412)
contentful/forma-36: packages/forma-36-website/src/pages/foundation/typography/index.mdx

storybook: 'https://f36-storybook.contentful.com/?path=/info/components-typography-typography--displaytext-large'
---
import fontBaseTokens from '@contentful/forma-36-tokens/src/tokens/typography/font-base';
import fontSizeTokens from '@contentful/forma-36-tokens/src/tokens/typography/font-size';
import fontWeightTokens from '@contentful/forma-36-tokens/src/tokens/typography/font-weight';
import lineHeightTokens from '@contentful/forma-36-tokens/src/tokens/typography/line-height';
import fontStackTokens from '@contentful/forma-36-tokens/src/tokens/typography/font-stack';
import letterSpacingTokens from '@contentful/forma-36-tokens/src/tokens/typography/letter-spacing';
import {
  Card,
  Typography,
  Paragraph,
  Heading,
  Subheading,
  SectionHeading,
  DisplayText,
  Table,
  TableHead,
  TableBody,
  TableCell,
  TableRow
} from '@contentful/forma-36-react-components';

Typography is a foundational element in UI design. Good typography establishes a strong, cohesive visual hierarchy which functions to present content clearly and efficiently to users.

<br />

## Typeface

> Forma 36 enables users to create clean, efficient user interfaces which utilize system fonts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forma 36 enables users to create clean, efficient user interfaces that utilize system UI fonts.
```

> System font family:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System UI font family:
```

![Typefaces demonstration, San Francisco, Lucida Grande, Neue Helvetica, Arial, and Segoe UI](./assets/typeface.png)

> The Forma 36 uses system UI fonts. Every operating system comes with at least one system font.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forma 36 uses system UI fonts. System UI fonts refer to the fonts used to render text in the UI of an operating system. When used on the web they offer familiarity, load with zero-latency, and support a wide number of character sets.

```
